Minor Overview Updates - User Guide (#4700)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/content_cards.md

page_order: 0
layout: featured
guide_top_header: "Content Cards"

> guide_top_text: "With Content Cards, you can send a highly targeted, dynamic stream of rich content to your customers within the apps they love without interrupting their experience. In addition, Content Cards support more personalized features, including card pinning, card dismissal, API-based delivery, Connected Content, custom card expiration times, card analytics, and easy coordination with push notifications. <br><br>Content Cards are not available out-of-the-box and must be purchased. To get started with Content Cards, reach out to your account manager or customer success manager."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
guide_top_text: "With Content Cards, you can send a highly targeted, dynamic stream of rich content to your customers within the apps they love without interrupting their experience. In addition, Content Cards support more personalized features, including card pinning, card dismissal, API-based delivery, Connected Content, custom card expiration times, card analytics, and easy coordination with push notifications. <br><br>Content Cards are not available out-of-the-box and must be purchased. To get started with Content Cards, reach out to your Braze customer success manager."
```
